constants/Genre.java
 constants.Genre
constants/ViewerCategory.java
 constants.ViewerCategory
exception/ReviewNotAddedException.java
 exception.ReviewNotAddedException
exception/MovieNotFoundException.java
 exception.MovieNotFoundException
exception/ReviewNotFoundException.java
 exception.ReviewNotFoundException
exception/UserNotFoundException.java
 exception.UserNotFoundException
exception/CustomExceptionResponse.java
 exception.CustomExceptionResponse
dto/MovieDaoInterface.java
 dto.MovieDaoInterface
model/Movie.java
 model.Movie
response/UserResponse.java
 response.UserResponse
response/MovieResponse.java
 response.MovieResponse
config/ApplicationConfig.java
 config.ApplicationConfig
resource/MovieResource.java
 resource.MovieResource
model/Review.java
 model.Review
resource/UserResource.java
 resource.UserResource
dto/UserDaoInterface.java
 dto.UserDaoInterface
model/User.java
 model.User
service/UserOperationInterface.java
 service.UserOperationInterface
service/MovieOperationInterface.java
 service.MovieOperationInterface
response/ReviewResponse.java
 response.ReviewResponse
App.java
 App
service/impl/ReviewOperation.java
 service.impl.ReviewOperation
dto/impl/ReviewDao.java
 dto.impl.ReviewDao
resource/ReviewResource.java
 resource.ReviewResource
dto/ReviewDaoInterface.java
 dto.ReviewDaoInterface
service/ReviewOperationInterface.java
 service.ReviewOperationInterface
service/impl/MovieOperation.java
 service.impl.MovieOperation
dto/impl/MovieDao.java
 dto.impl.MovieDao
service/impl/UserOperation.java
 service.impl.UserOperation
dto/impl/UserDao.java
 dto.impl.UserDao
